Update token cli docs to new CLI docs template (#28948)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/cli/token/flags/policy.mdx

> <a id="token-policy" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="token-flag-policy" />
```

**`-policy (string: "")`**

> Name of a policy to associate with this token. You can specify this flag multiple 
> times to attach multiple policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name of a policy to associate with this token. Specify the `policy` flag multiple 
times to attach multiple policies.
```

> **Example**: `-policy=admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**: `-policy "admin"`
```
